Mta 4144 regions (#2680)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-queues.mdx

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [activated SQS](/serverless/messaging/how-to/get-started/#how-to-activate-sqs-or-sns) for the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) in which you want to create a queue
</Message>

## How to create a queue

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

> 2. Use the dropdown menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) in which you want to create a queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the drop-down menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) in which you want to create a queue.
```

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

> 2. Use the dropdown menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) of the queue you want to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the drop-down menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) of the queue you want to configure.
```

3. Click **SQS**. The list of your queues in the pre-selected region displays.

4. Click the queue you wish to modify. The queue's **Settings** page displays:

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-queue-overview.webp" alt="" />

> 5. Modify the visibility timeout, message retention period, maximum message size and (for FIFO queues) Content Based Deduplication values as you wish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Modify the visibility timeout, message retention period, maximum message size, and (for FIFO queues) Content Based Deduplication values as you wish.
```

6. Click **Save**.

## How to purge a queue of messages

You can use the **Purge** feature to delete all messages from a queue.

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

> 2. Use the dropdown menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) of the queue you want to purge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the drop-down menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) of the queue you want to purge.
```

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

> 2. Use the dropdown menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) of the queue you want to delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the drop-down menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) of the queue you want to delete.
```
